Congratulations on finishing your very
first 3d game in Unity.
How did you get on? Did you rise to
Brice's challenge? Brice what was your
challenge at the beginning so my challenge
was for you to create instead of bowling
pins
garden gnomes, I want to be bowling down and
knock down garden gnomes instead of normal
bowling pins so if you've been
creative, if you've either drawn your own
textures or created your own 3d objects I
totally wanna see that, don't forget to
share whatever version you create
however original or different your
version is, I definitely want to see it shared
on GameBucket.io and then we can see it and
then other students can see it... Ben
you've loved the other games of other
students right already? Yeah I mean on the
other course on the 2d course and already
in this course we're starting to see
amazing sharing, so please be one of
those people who're bold enough to share
your game and get some feedback it's a
safe community here everybody else is in
the same boat, so please at least share
your game on game bucket inside the
discussions and if you're feeling really
bold go into our Facebook group and
share there